See Long Shuai
The most powerful order
All dispatched from Beijing
I need you within an hour.
Find the rural lady
Otherwise, ask you if it is yes.
If Xiaoxue can't find you
I will feel guilty for the rest of my life
Let go of me and don't move around
Help! Stop yelling like that!
Miss Su
You let me go
Miss Su, do you want to leave here?
Very simple.
It depends on whether your Lord Long Shuai is willing to come and save you.
You want to use me to threaten dust removal
Then I'm afraid you'll be disappointed.
Anyway, he already has another woman
Does he love you?
You'll find out later.
Report Long Shuai
Zheng Beijun has carried out a carpet search of Haicheng
But I still can't find the whereabouts of Mrs. Long Shuai
What!
Hello old handsome
Stop looking for your wife.